README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Class Repository

## Overview
This repository contains assignments and projects for my machine learning class. It covers various topics including data manipulation, statistical analysis, and different machine learning models.

## Topics Covered

### Data Manipulation Libraries
- **Pandas**: Data analysis and manipulation
- **NumPy**: Numerical computing and array operations

### Machine Learning Techniques
- **Linear Regression**: Modeling relationships between variables
- **Logistic Regression**: Classification algorithms
- **Other ML Models**: Various algorithms and their implementations

### Development Workflow
- **Model Training**: Techniques to train ML models effectively
- **Testing**: Validating model performance
- **Evaluation**: Metrics and methods to assess model quality

## Repository Structure
- `/assignments`: Weekly homework and exercises
- `/projects`: Larger scale implementations
- `/datasets`: Data used for analysis and model training
- `/notebooks`: Jupyter notebooks with examples and explanations

## Getting Started
To use this repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/repository-name.git
cd repository-name
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x
- Basic knowledge of statistics
- Understanding of programming fundamentals

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Update README to reflect latest completed assignments and repository structure

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Class Repository

## Overview
This repository contains assignments and projects for my machine learning class, including my latest completed assignments. It covers various topics including data manipulation, statistical analysis, and different machine learning models.

## Topics Covered

### Data Manipulation Libraries
- **Pandas**: Data analysis and manipulation
- **NumPy**: Numerical computing and array operations

### Machine Learning Techniques
- **Linear Regression**: Modeling relationships between variables
- **Logistic Regression**: Classification algorithms
- **Other ML Models**: Various algorithms and their implementations

### Development Workflow
- **Model Training**: Techniques to train ML models effectively
- **Testing**: Validating model performance
- **Evaluation**: Metrics and methods to assess model quality

## Repository Structure
- `/assignments`: Weekly homework and exercises (now updated with latest assignments)
- `assignments/data`: Data used for analysis and model training

## Latest Updates
This repository has been updated with my most recent assignments. Feel free to explore the `/assignments` directory to see my latest work.

## Getting Started
To use this repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/repository-name.git
cd repository-name
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x
- Basic knowledge of statistics
- Understanding of programming fundamentals

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
